notes on the SOLI Radar : 

The overall approach behind Soli radar :
1 - We illuminate the hand with a broad 150 degree radar beam with pulses repeated
at very high frequency (1-10 kHz)
2-  The reflected signal is a su-perposition of reflections from multiple dynamic scattering centers that represent dynamic hand configurations.
3- We then process the received signal into multiple abstract representations (that we call transformations), which allow us to extract various instantaneous and dynamic characteristics of the moving hand and its parts,
which we call features.
4- These features are insufficient to reconstruct the skeletal structure of the hand; however, their combinations can
uniquely identify various hand configurations and motions that we
can identify by comparing them to a priori captured sets of train-
ing data using machine learning techniques.

In combination, these
steps form the Soli Processing Pipeline (Soli PP). In the rest of this
section we dive into specific details of various parts of the Soli PP.


The chip : 
• A 12×12 mm, FMCW SiGe radar chip manufactured by In-
fineon using embedded Wafer Level Ball Grid Array (eWLB)
technology [Brunnbauer et al. 2008].
• A 9×9 mm, direct-sequence spread spectrum (DSSS) CMOS
chip manufactured by SiBeam with on-die antennas.

Despite these differences, the Soli radar HAL (Section 4.8) allows us
to use both chips interchangeably.

The different process technology used in manufacturing the two
chips (SiGe versus CMOS) results in different signal quality, power
consumption, and integration capabilities. For example, CMOS
allows integration of standard digital logic blocks, mixed-signal
blocks and radar technology on the same die, while SiGe does not.
The SiGe chip is based on an FMCW modulation scheme common
in traditional tracking and imaging radars; the CMOS chip utilizes
binary phase-coded DSSS modulation used in communication. Detailed discussion of the Soli
radar chip is beyond the scope of this paper; see [Nasr et al. 2015;
Nasr et al. 2016] for more details of the FMCW radar chip design.
Below we highlight the main hardware design principles and fea-
tures critical for gesture sensing applications:
